
Hello, my name is Anil Kumar Chhetri. I am a resident of Nepal. I am the student of Amrit Science Campus but due to financial issues I was unable to pursue courses that were available offline(local institutes) and here on Coursera I want to learn a new thing that helps upgrade my current understanding as well as help me explore various new things but I can't afford the courses.
But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course. I live only for my scholarship. In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. Receiving this Financial Aid will open for me a new horizon of the world of Coursera courses, which in turn will help me in the future. 

Currently, I am interested in the field of Data Science and Machine Learning but I can get a job unless I have an appropriate certificate in related fields. I would be grateful to you if you feel I am worthy of the financial aid you are providing.

Thank you 




--

I want to take this course as I want to learn Data Science. I want to complete the course due to my curiosity and also that I can put a good CV to get applied to a job. This course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out various programs in a computer language and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. The field of software technology is becoming saturated, and industries are now placing a high level of importance on specialization. This course is suggested by one of my seniors. Getting certification on this course not only help me to stand out among thousands but also help my resume get shortlisted and get high pay job as top companies are using data science and it has been said that up to 2020 the world will be going to generate 50 times more data than what generated in 2011, so many companies are looking for Data Scientists. There is a lot of potential and scope in this career opportunity


--
I could have opted for a low-interest loan but I would not be unable to spare more amount because I am dependent on my parents. If I will enhance my quality and talent then I will be able to get a good job. The financial status of the family is not too good to pay the loan amount. We already have a lot of dept in the bank, and my parents are paying it regularly. It would make their life even harder to add a new loan over them. I don't want to put any pressure on them. It would be a great help for me to get a good job and help my family if I'm able to get this course.
